feat(kit): support single import in `addServerImports` (#32289)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/5.kit/11.nitro.md

| ----------- | ------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `routes`    | `string \| string[]`{lang="ts"} | `true`   | A route or an array of routes to prerender.    |

## `addServerImports`

Add imports to the server. It makes your imports available in Nitro without the need to import them manually.

### Usage

```ts twoslash
import { defineNuxtModule, createResolver, addServerImports } from '@nuxt/kit'

export default defineNuxtModule({

>   setup(options) {
>     const names = [
>       "useStoryblok",
>       "useStoryblokApi",
>       "useStoryblokBridge",
>       "renderRichText",
>       "RichTextSchema"
>     ];
> 
>     names.forEach((name) =>
>       addServerImports({ name, as: name, from: "@storyblok/vue" })
>     );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setup(options) {
    const names = [
      'useStoryblok',
      'useStoryblokApi',
      'useStoryblokBridge',
      'renderRichText',
      'RichTextSchema'
    ]

    names.forEach((name) =>
      addServerImports({ name, as: name, from: '@storyblok/vue' })
    )
```

Author: This is copied from the `addImports` docs, so I have updated the formatting for both.
